How did that go?
>> I thought it was very difficult because
I sometimes found myself trying to answer
opportunities as opposed to answering
the questions that are posed there.
So opportunities being hey if I do this
and I might be able to reach that map but
that kind of just it felt distance for
those questions.
Sure.
>> And those questions actually,
I think kind of brought
me back to reality.
>> Yeah, good, good.
Yeah, it is easy to spin off into,
we can do this, and what about this, and
this would be a great idea.
And this would be so nice, versus coming
back into and really thinking about, like,
what are our current strengths and
what are our real threats.
Yeah.
What else?
A huge part of this exercise,
especially for you all,
is that it's just to get you thinking
about opportunities for content,
to your point, differently than
we've thought about them before.
And to think about them on
a broader scale than just,
I need to fix the wording on
this confirmation page, right?
So hopefully it gave you a chance to
just sort of like relax your brain into
thinking in new ways around content.
Okay, All right,
we'll go ahead and move on here.
So when you are ready to frame
up your situation analysis,
this is what the outline will look like.
We went through early on,
project scope and purpose, business and
team goals, your priority audiences.
And what their needs are,
we usually recommend keeping
priority audiences to four or
fewer, three, maybe two.
Sort of the themes that you were able
to identify that kept coming up,
which would also include sort of your SWOT
pieces, any proof points that you have and
what the risk is of not
addressing those threats.
And then, recommended next steps.
Which might include,
what we usually will say is,
there's not enough user research for
us to make really informed
recommendations around what
content we are going to include.
So we recommend that.
If you don't do that,
the risk is that we're not gonna meet
the true needs of your primary users, and
so we'll just include that to kind of
cover our butts as we move forward.
And then sign off.
Okay?
>> One other thing too that I'm
noticing you're doing a lot of, and
this is really awesome is that when like,
under themes when you say outdated CMS,
that's something chances are,
visitors to the site aren't gonna notice,
that's actually kind of
maintaining the site.
>> That's structure and
process, basically.
>> Yeah, okay.
>> Mm-hmm.
Yeah, and that is the editorial and
experience is the content design and
that is the stuff that people
are going to see, right?
Systems design is the stuff
that makes the content go.
So it's almost like
the behind the scenes piece.
But that is what is gonna have the
greatest impact on your content itself.
And that's why even if it,
we aren't necessarily empowered to make
decisions about it ourselves, it's so
important for us to pay attention to it
and identify it like where are the cracks?
Where are the gaps, where are
opportunities for me to shift a mindset or
to ask for something a different way or
to connect with
somebody I haven't spoken with before
around content requirements or my needs.
I mean, one example that I often
give about a conversation that
can have a terrific impact on content
quality after it's been published or
as it's been maintained.
Is that oftentimes, what the writer, we'll
talk about text here, what the writer
hands off and what the developer receives,
the developer does not have
the information they need to appropriately
code and publish the content.
So there are a million open questions that
they have that are not covered off on
in the document.
A really simple example is metadata.
Right, so the developer ends up writing
their own metadata for the page.
Or there are 14 different fields and
buttons and
interface copy that
hasn't been accounted for
either in the design or in the deck.
And so the developer ends
up having to write that.
And so a conversation that has to be
had early on is we want to talk to
your developers to make sure that what
we're delivering, the way in which we're
delivering it, whether it's in
a Word doc or in the CMS or
in some other kind of format, the way
in which you're delivering it works.
For them, right?
Because if we deliver
documentation with holes, or
with inconsistencies, that's gonna have
a significant impact on the output.
And it also has an effect
on our developers' time.
It's more respectful to be able to deliver
what they need the first time around.
So that's an example.